## Enterprenuial models are not suited for coming years,  


  Less consumption with self sufficient villages should be the goal. Having huge budgets for discovery and automation, as both will decrease the cost of living and increase happiness. A creative and self sufficient person with compassionate mind is more powerful than 100 minds in a co-operate greedy political company.
1.  An social entrepreneurial model , `49 ers`. Where you will be your own boss and you will get a low salary, free school, free home and home grown food along with 49% of profits. Company will invest, if it likes the vision and self sustainability in 1 to 3 years after startup. It has tooling stations, manufacturing lines, marketing wings. 51% share in profits will be companies and these are used for investing in other new companies, growing food, recreation(art) for a slow compassionate society. Will be for both art and science improvement. Due to less stress and small self sufficient teams, i believe this will help in improving teams creative spirits and adaptability.
2.  Self sufficient, alternative school for orphans and poor kids. Where people of all ages can have a slow quality living Teaching and studying. Gone are the days when u need a degree now all you need to have is good concentration, communication and a programming Language. Self sufficient by growing food, poultry, writing code for static web sites and apps, ceramic products, hand made products, jewelry etc.., School will focus on all round development and 1 advanced skill (art, sports, technical skill). Here people should also pass the 10 &+2 state exam i.e a basic high school degree. Will show scholarships for merit students, and jobs for necessary graduate students.
